inside Grand Prix news is presented by
aliens hello and welcome to the inside
Grand Prix news as always we're gonna
show you everything you need to know
about the world of Formula One let's go
time out formula One is taking a
three-week break factories are empty
teams and drivers can recharge their
batteries in fact they must working is
not allowed and measures are taken to
ensure that it's very easy to check
whether the guys have really closed up
shop there are people who drop by for a
look and any formula one development
work going on gets reported to the FIA
so there are very clear checks on
whether the factory has really been
closed down or not and it's nicer at
home 243 drivers that Switzerland Nick
Heidfeld Adrian Sutil and Michael
Schumacher simply want a break from
traveling teammate rosberg on the other
hand is off south to Spain with his
girlfriend things will be even sunny and
no doubt for Jenson Button the high
flyer in Hungary is jetting off to
Hawaii to go surfing Toro Rosso are
doing a few laps in front of the camera
in Bella Italia filming at the circuit
more pleasure than work perhaps so as
not to get totally out of practice
during the holiday the longest journey
is probably Felipe Massa's back home to
Brazil ok maybe five times a year but
never stays a lot because we always you
know have to testing and racing even
when we are in the in the holidays you
always have something some job to do a
summer holiday even though it's winter
in Brazil now
for the no one calendar chaos one thing
for 2012 is actually already certain
turkey is out next year's race calendar
is however currently the subject of
heated debate but could even be the
Istanbul may yet replace a race in Spain
causing reactions however is Eccleston's
plan to stage seven braces on four
continents over the last 10 weeks of the
season a bold venture for teams and
logistics crews but as we know Formula
One has already made a lot possible
Barrick ellos fed up rubens barrichello
is contemplating leaving Williams the
team's lack of success is causing the
experienced driver concern in the
constructors standings Williams are only
nine at 39 years old and with 315 Grand
Prix's under his belt that's not enough
for Rubens some initial changes for 2012
are however already on their way what
renault will be handling the engine a
mic rockland previously at McLaren is
replacing technical director Sam Michael
even during the summer break does a bit
of Formula One feeling at the
mercedes-benz magic moments event Nico
Rosberg and Michael Schumacher appearing
together with their DTM colleagues on
the Schloss Platts in Stuttgart leave
offense on the fourteenth of August it's
the study guide Ron bridge as we've got
a summer break ins on we're not taking a
holiday we're coming to visit you
motorsport close enough to touch that
makes working fun oh come along till
then ciao that's all for today thank you
for watching inside Grand Prix news see
you next time bye bye
inside Grand Prix news was presented by
onions